T6/13:	Updated the music server to use flask. Going to localhost/ gives a list of all files in the Music folder. 
	localhost/play/<songtitle> plays a song. localhost/songinfo/<songtitle> gives you the songs info. localhost/pause pauses 
	and localhost/stop stops the music. this still needs to be implemented on the client side.




M6/13:	Tabed previous update so I could read it better. Also had some ideas for the physical radio. How do you feel about a wood
	faceplate for the flat part, and leather with studs around the curved part? Eliminates the need to bend wood/metal and
	may look nice. Thoughts?

T6/13:	That sounds like it would look really good.

M6/13:	Pexpect does not work with Windows. Might try to get around that later, if not I'll just have to take a look at it when I get
	home. Looks good though!

T6/13:	Yea ik, which is really annoying because pexpect is pretty cool. I think i am going to try and create a seperare module that
	does the "bouncing" animation so that it will be easier to reuse.

M6/17:	Bouncing animation is cool, would love to reuse it. Weather is finished for the most part, left and right scrolls between
	days. Do you think anything needs to be added to it?
	-Also made small change to sports screen, dim on scores instead of completely black. Again, not sure about this change.
	-Rounded corners on all of the main screen icons
	-Began to implement pong class. Shows current swagmaster and RETURN directs to stats.

T6/17: 	The weather looks good. I think after we get the animation working we should make it so you can click the day for further description.
	So far with the animaton helper i have it giving us the main image in the center and bouncing it. I still need to work on the animated scrolling.
	The sports part also looks good.
	
	This is how i am thinking about doing the animation thing.
	-There will be a method that takes the screen, left image, main image, right image. This method will paint the three images to the screen.
	-There will be an animate method that will take a direction and a new image. It will do the animated change.
	-The rest, including currentSelection and selection handling will be part of the main program.
	How does this sound?

M6/17:	I like the more weather info idea. The way you want to do the animation makes the most sense I think. Should keep things neat and simple!

T8/12:  -As of right now i have gui.py running the bouncing animation from the MenuAnimaton module. Next step is getting the change
	animation to work with it then MenuAnimation.py should be easily reuseable in the other screens for a more consistant
	look and feel. Also when i am finished i will create something explaining how the MenuAnimation module works/should be implemented.

	-By golly i think ive done it! All of the animations are now running from the MenuAnimation.py class. now i will try to 
	write up a little thing on how to use it (that is if i can figure out how to use it)

	-Ok thats done too. MenuAnimationHowTo.txt